Application demo walk through:

1. Start the OpenHAB app and make sure the app is in demo mode. (options menu -> Settings -> Demo mode)
2. Go to Ground Floor -> Corridor
3. Note the status of the tree upper units
4. Options menu -> Flipper Navigation
5. On Basement Center swipe right, then up to get to Basement Southwest
- Lets do some room configuration and add some OpenHAB widgets to it:
6. Press the action bar edit icon (pen)
7. Write your own room alias (This is the name that speech recognition will recognize)
8. Select the (Group)0001_3::Corridor sitemap group in the HAB group spinner 
9. At the Up Right spinner, select Basement Center. (Creates a diagonal shortcut between Basement Southwest and Basement Center)
10. Scroll down and press Save.
11. Swipe to the Unit Placement tab
12. Press the action bar Add icon (plus sign)
13. Select the ceiling light widget.
14. Long press the light widget to start the drag-n-drop process.
15. Press the Back button to navigate back to the room flipper view
- Try out the room navigation first:
16. Swipe diagonal down/left to navigate to the center of the basement. (This is the shortcut that was created in item no. 9)
17. Pinch in twice to navigate to Second Floor Center.
18. Swipe to the left to get to Second Floor East.
19. Press the action bar microphone icon and say "Basement southwest". (It will help if you have English enabled as a speech language)
- Try out the widgets in the room:
20. Back in Basement Southwest, press the ceiling lamp widget to toggle lamp status.
21. Press action bar widget list icon (sort by size). This is a shortcut to current sitemap group in the original OpenHAB app view.
22. Make sure that ceiling light, wardrobe light and heating are all OFF
23. Options menu -> Flipper Navigation
- Create a rule that will give the wardrobe light the same value as the ceiling light when the corridor heating is turned on: 
24. Press action bar rules icon (cogwheel with flash)
25. Press the add icon (plus sign)
26. Name the rule "My special rule"
27. Press action bar edit operation (pen)
28. Press the Pick a unit button.
29. Select Heating_GF_Corridor
30. Select the equal operator (=)
31. Select static value ON in the spinner and press Done
32. Swipe to the THEN tab
33. Press add command (flash with plus sign)
34. Press button Pick a target unit
35. Select Light_GF_Corridor_Wardrobe
36. Press button Pick a source unit
37. Select Light_GF_Corridor_Ceiling
38. Press Done
- Lets also add a notification:
39. Press action bar Add notification (balloon with plus sign)
40. Press the text box and write a message
- Now we will try out that rule:
41. Press the Back button until the original OpenHAB app view is shown.
42. Set Ceiling light to ON
41. Set GF Corridor (heating) to ON (After a short while the Wardrobe light should get status ON)
- If you got a Wear device connected:
43. A new notification will be shown.
44. Swipe left and select Reply
45. Speak a command: "Turn off corridor ceiling light"
46. The ceiling light should now be turned off.